HCPE-798 - Add initial contribution guidelines (#71)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: contributing/references.md

# References

This documentation also contains reference material specific to certain functionality.

_Note: This documentation is intended for Terraform HCP Provider code developers. Typical operators writing and applying Terraform configurations do not need to read or understand this material._

> ## Beta Features

Reviewer: 👌

The HCP team will sometimes use a pattern where a feature or set of features are only available to a limited group of beta customers. This allows the team to develop and test these features against a smaller group before releasing them more broadly. Features that are in a beta phase are generally controlled at the service level through feature flags.

In order to support Terraform usage for our beta customers, **the current pattern is to make the Terraform resources publicly available, and use a banner in the resource documentation to indicate that the feature is only available to beta customers.** Other users that attempt to use the feature with Terraform will be presented with an error message from the service indicating that the feature is not enabled.

> Here are some steps that can be followed when adding resources that are only available to beta customers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps when adding resources that are only available to beta customers:
```
